bad dates never end or do that you're
going on three dates if the first one
sucks
just take a plow and start over someone
new filming for thinking they're ugly
don't because they get cash every minute
they last watch your back because you
maybe koplow hey said my name's Chelsea
I'm 19 and I was born with one thing on
my mind sax can't keep up with me and
you're too old my man the body of Vin
Diesel the brains under Hoover think I'm
too picky and your comply wait Hey
ladies I'm Derrick 21 you play a card
right you may be able to take off the E
and two R's you see my dick face Reggie
19 I've got only one thing to say my
back's not the only thing that shade
hello i'm chris gifs you should trust
maybe cousin XD and one of these guys
win Chelsea's heart or are they all
doomed from the start
watch out cuz Derek's up first on
kapowee whatever guys you know what I'll
see you bitches later
this better not suck hi I'm Chelsea
sweet yeah yeah cute
let me see you with your penis out cool
it looks good so I'm really into
community service and I love people that
are too so today I'm gonna dress you up
like a homeless person and you have to
make me want to help you yeah ok cool
you look hot in those rags now get on
your knees and beg you little beggar boy
please can I have some food no you're
not begging hard enough make me really
believe you God please give me some food
I'm gonna slice your homeless throat oh
good night Julia please gonna have some
food please no you can't have food this
way you're deaf no beggar to me
if she wanted me on my knees she should
have asked for cunnilingus Derek wasn't
a hobo he was a homo
bums are done like rum so we'll see if
Reggie has some gum for Chelsea's tasty
little plum cuz he's up to flowey on
koplow e because I wasn't poor enough
Reggie you're up koplow e
shit up go fuck her shut up fucker shut
up flowey what you look like Jack Black
a drag anyway he's hilarious
I asked for a bun not a terrace Chelsea
still hotter than her tan but she just
can't get past the Quran
I like your accent too right now what
I'm gonna give you food and you have to
act totally happy that I'm giving it
you're going to give me food you're
giving me fucking gross
so we've been on this date for eight
minutes that equals to eight dollars you
can either take the money and run
Fargo out on a second date with me
what's it gonna be they will take the
money bees need honey like it knows this
Ronnie that's money cuz cruise you've
just completed a change
some Nexus word up to the Lord where God
pretends to be mortal to go out with
three hot chicks